About UsAl-Fatah Electronics is the one of the best home appliances store in Pakistan who started its journey back in 1981. The company has hands on experience when it comes to dealing in home appliances and consumer electronics of all leading brands, with competitive prices, biggest variety and excellent customer service. We have both brick-and-mortar stores and online platform to provide ease to the customers. We have been regularly introducing brands like Haier, Gree, Dawlance who are market leaders today. We directly deal with over 200 brands just to make sure that customer is getting 100%genuine products.We have 10+ stores in Lahore along with an online platform which entertains customers from all over Pakistan. Our range of products exceeds 20,000 appliances that are available for the customers nationwide.

We can easily say that we are providing the best prices but we believe that we are not just providing best prices but we also provide 100% genuine products along with quality after-sale services as we keep our customers updated and we are always ready to go one-step ahead just to make sure our customer has an ultimate shopping experience.Al-Fatah Electronics offers you an opportunity to repair or replace the purchased product with a new one. This condition applies if the product possesses some manufacturing fault and the company considers the defect to be serious enough that leads to a replacement. The warranty policy may vary from product to product.

During the period of warranty, if the customer finds the fault in the product, he/she can claim the warranty under the below-mentioned Terms and Conditions:The customer should keep the purchase receipt issued by Al-Fatah Electronics. Warranty card along with the purchase receipt must be presented when making a claim. No claim will be entertained in the case of absence of purchase receipt Make sure to appropriately pack the product so that no damages can occur during transportation. The packaging box must exactly be in the same condition as received with the following:

User manual, accessories and other contents

Detailed note with respect to the fault

Copy of purchase receipt or invoiceOur Promise

Al-Fatah Electronics promises to deliver the best services, advice and convenience to our customers which they actually deserve, hence proving ourselves to be the trusted partner for technology. We deliver all our products at highly competitive prices. In case if you are not completely satisfied with your purchased product, we can help you with an exchange, return and refund.

Returns Policy

Al-Fatah Electronics believes in 100% return and refund of the products. There are certain conditions that must be fulfilled while making a product return:The product must be unwashed, unused and in its perfect condition

The purchased product should include its original tags, accessories, user manual, warranty card and freebies

The delivered product should be returned in its undamaged and original packaging box.

If we find that the returned product is not in a satisfactory condition, we reserve the right to send it back to you.

Reasons of Return

The purchased product is slightly damaged, broken or malfunctioning Incorrect or incomplete product has been delivered The purchased product needs to be exchanged with another brand

Refund PolicyAl-Fatah Electronics holds certain rules for a refund which are as follows:

Up till 10 days, the refunded amount will be given back as per the purchased price

After 10 days, the refund amount will be conditional to the market forces i.e. If the market price decreases, the refunded amount will also decrease If the market price increases, the repaid amount will remain the same (i.e., at the time of purchase).



Whatever product(s) you buy from Al-Fatah Electronics can be exchanged at any time, subject to its condition, attached documents and original packaging.How To Shop At Al-Fatah Electronics?

Whether you are a registered or a new user looking to buy the best product, shopping at Al-Fatah Electronics has never been difficult. Just log into your account as explained in Section – 1. Once logging in, you can shop by clicking the “Add to Cart” button appearing at the end of each product as displayed below:

By clicking “Add to Cart”, the product will be automatically added to the cart. You can view the cart by clicking the Cart icon appearing at the top right corner of the web page. See below:By clicking “View Cart”, you can see the cart and make appropriate changes related to the quantity of the product. You can either update it or Proceed to Checkout as displayed below:

Once clicking the “Proceed to Checkout”, you’ll be directed to a page where you are required to fill in all the Billing Details necessary to dispatch your order. After completing certain requirements, click “Place Order” button.See below:In the case you are shopping as a guest user, you can simply buy the desired product(s) through “Add to Cart” by following the above steps. Kindly note that you don’t need to register if you want to remain as a guest user.

Which Type Of Products Can I Purchase From Al-Fatah Electronics?Al-Fatah Electronics has a wide array of home appliances, available to the customers at affordable prices. You can choose from a broad range of LEDs, Air Conditioners, Refrigerators, Washing Machines, Microwave Ovens, Small Electronics, Water Dispensers, Cooking Range, Kitchen Hobs, Kitchen Hoods, Dishwashers, Geysers, Heaters, Deep Freezers, Water Cooler, Kitchen Sinks, Kitchen Taps, Warming Drawers, Dryers and Air Curtains.

How Do I Shop At Al-Fatah Electronics If I Don’t Have Access To The Internet?”The Internet is not necessary for shopping at Al-Fatah Electronics. An order can be placed simply by calling our helpline number (0340-1111-444) anywhere from Pakistan.

How Does Al-Fatah Electronics Inform Its Customers About New Offers And Deals?Al-Fatah Electronics values its customer and makes every effort to inform them about the latest deals and new offers. Usually, such deals and discounts are advertised via newsletters, SMS, email campaigns and social media. Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram are some of the common social media platforms which we use to display all the new deals and offers. You can also check such promotional campaigns by visiting our homepage.